DSE 6.8.65 Release Notes (#284)
datastax/release-notes: DSE_6.8_Release_Notes.md

Release notes of versions prior to 6.8.4 can be found [here](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dse/6.8/dse-admin/datastax_enterprise/releaseNotes/RNdse.html).

# Release notes for 6.8.65
3 July 2026

## 6.8.65 DSE Core
* Fixed automatic cleanup of stale hint files and the handling of the hints window across node restarts. (DSP-25113)

## 6.8.65 DSE Cassandra
* Fixed a collision of table identifiers on secondary indices causing "Memory was freed" errors. (DSP-24879)
* Changed uploaded parts metadata validation logic during multipart upload to always sort the parts in ascending order during validation. (DSP-25205)

## 6.8.65 DSE Security

> * Updates package signatures to use IBM official package signature keys. (DSP-25017)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated package signatures to use IBM official package signature keys. (DSP-25017)
```

## 6.8.65 DSE Upgrade
* Changed backup store creation/alteration logic to raise a warning instead of an error when passing a settings map with unknown flags. Changed backup store creation/alteration to save all passed flags in the database instead of only the familiar ones. (DSP-25181)

## 6.8.65 DSE Node/DseTool

> * Added ability to dynamically reload certificates for inter-node connections, it eliminates the need for restarts. The reload can be triggered manually via `nodetool reloadssl`. (DSP-25085)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the ability to dynamically reload certificates for inter-node connections to eliminate the need for restarts. The reload can be triggered manually with `nodetool reloadssl`. (DSP-25085)
```

* Upgraded Mina to version 2.0.29. (DSP-25180, [CVE-2026-47065](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-47065), [CVE-2026-47321](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-47321))
* Upgraded Netty to version 4.1.135.1.dse, which is based on version 4.1.135.Final. (DSP-25065, [CVE-2025-67735](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-67735), [CVE-2026-46340](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-46340), [CVE-2026-45536](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45536), [CVE-2026-45673](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45673), [CVE-2026-45674](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45674), [CVE-2026-47691](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-47691), [CVE-2026-44249](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-44249), [CVE-2026-45416](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45416), [CVE-2026-48006](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-48006), [CVE-2026-44893](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-44893), [CVE-2026-48059](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-48059), [CVE-2026-44249](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-44249))

> * Upgraded opentelemetry to version 1.62.0. (DSP-25162, [CVE-2026-45292](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45292))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgraded OpenTelemetry to version 1.62.0. (DSP-25162, [CVE-2026-45292](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-45292))
```

> * Upgraded tomcat version to 9.0.119. (DSP-25210, [CVE-2026-55276](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-55276))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgraded Tomcat version to 9.0.119. (DSP-25210, [CVE-2026-55276](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-55276))
```
